Let's talk about Parse Base-64 Encoded Information.
We just worked on manually saving and reading from Redis.
Next, we will talk about parse base-64 encoded information.
We will start with discussing what base-64 is.
Then we will explore base-64 inside JSON.
Let's start by discussing what base-64 is.
Base 64 is a system of representing binary data,
8-bit data in text format.
Each binary sequence has a letter.
It can be used to represent any binary data,
including text and photographs.
Here is a table that shows the key for each letter and what it represents.
The padding character is an equals sign.
Let's start looking at base-64 inside JSON.
Sometimes document formatted messages contain encoded information.
It can be convenient to embed small images as text directly in an HTML document.
In this example, a smiley face is embedded in HTML snippet.
The base-64 is truncated for brevity.
Here is the smiley face as it is displayed in a browser.
This is what the entire base-64 string looks like in the HTML source.
In our business application,
the Redis source connector uses base-64 to communicate saved information.
Here is a message sample.
Can you decode the encoded information?
Here is the message decoded from base-64 to plain text.
The decoded key is pumpkin pie ingredients.
The decoded element is pumpkin.
Spark has a built-in Spark SQL function called on base-64,
which accepts a base-64 encoded value.
In this example, the encoded streaming DF,
DataFrame has a field called reservation.
We are decoding it and then casting it to a string.
This statement must be used in a Spark SQL or DataFrame select.